hello YouTube in this video I'm going to
show you just how easy it is to
jailbreak iOS versions between iOS 8 and
8.1 point2 using tag just before we get
into the swing of things here I should
mention that at the moment tag is only
available on windows so that means if
you're using a Mac like I am you're
going to need some sort of Windows
simulation software I'm using VMware all
right so on with the tutorial as
mentioned we're going to be using tag
today for this jailbreak and tag
supports everything back to the iphone
4s generation if you're unsure if your
device is compatible or not just take a
look at the list in the description to
find out for sure as always it's a good
idea to backup your device before we
begin alright so step one is going to be
to open up settings and turn off any
passcode or touch ID that you might have
enabled I only have the past passcode on
at the moment here and we'll get that
turned off and you're also going to need
to turn off Find My iPhone in iCloud I'm
not currently signed in but this is
where you'd see it alright so now we're
done with the iOS device we can actually
head over to our desktop computer and
the next step is going to be to install
tag so head on over to the official
website or take a look in the
description below I'll provide a mirror
to version 1.2 point 0 all right now
that you've got that installed open it
on up and we're gonna load the tag
application so once you get tagged up
here I should mention actually I think
you need itunes to see this window now
you're going to want to uncheck the 3k
assistant and this is a Chinese
jailbreaking community unless you know
mannered give use and that's really all
there is to it guys I'm gonna fast
forward the video here because I stalo
alright so it looks like tag has
finished up it only took about a minute
and a half here and I've got my iphone
rebooting on the left I'm just gonna get
near back up so we can make sure that
city was added and as you can see our
device is officially jailbreaked so
thank you to the tag team looks like
it's ready yeah here we go so let's just
make sure city was added um yeah right
there alright well guys that's basically
all there is to it I hope you enjoyed
the jailbreak and the J Dilla